[Music]
all right guys not really a barbecue
recipe but it's a ripper so check this
out we've got one kilo of diced lamb one
coarsely chopped onion four tablespoons
of white vinegar and four tablespoons of
brown vinegar ten cloves of garlic and
an inch of ginger which I've just
chopped to you guys now it is common to
have the same amount of garlic and
ginger in a vindaloo but I like it
better this way I've done a bit of
experimenting with this here I've got a
spice mix now there is a bit going on
here
so rather than mention all of the
ingredients I'll put them down in the
description bar for simplicity reasons
so just check that out we've got some
ghee here of course you can use butter
or some olive oil if you want a
tablespoon of brown sugar half a
tablespoon of salt two teaspoons of
paprika and two 400 gram cans of diced
tomatoes now we're going to start here
by blending up the spice mix now I'm
using the spice blender but you can use
a mortar and pestle or a coffee grinder
if you like for this
and grind it until it's fine now into a
blender I'm going to add all of these
ingredients so the garlic and ginger the
onions now this is a little bit of an
unorthodox way to do it a lot of people
will brown the onions off first and
don't like that but this way you get all
the flavor combined into the sauce and I
think of vindaloo is pretty much all
about the sauce guys for those vindaloo
heads out there you know what I mean so
we're just adding in everything other
than the lamb
[Music]
and blend well now if you want to
chunkier sauce simply add the tomatoes
in later
now heat it up a pot over some charcoal
I've melted the ghee and just added in
that lamb which I'm going to lightly
Brown before pouring in that source
[Music]
and then I put the pot lid on leave it
for a few minutes to come up to a simmer
[Music]
once simmering just give it a light stir
replace the lid and move it off the
direct heat
now this will keep simmering throughout
the cooking process without burning the
bottom and after an hour or so give it a
quick stir
[Music]
and I'm going to replace the lid on the
kettle only this will cook the sauce
down and help it reduce and we're going
to do that for another half an hour
until the sauce is nice and thick this
is what we're looking for here guys and
that is it you're done serve with some
rice guys give this a go it is one of my
favorites you've got to check this out
thanks for watching and I'll catch you
guys next time
[Music]
you